Update `useFragment` docs (#11100)
apollographql/apollo-client: docs/source/api/react/hooks.mdx

```tsx
function useReactiveVar<T>(rv: ReactiveVar<T>): T {}
```

<MinVersion version="3.8.0">

## `useFragment`

</MinVersion>

> In version `3.7.0`, Apollo Client introduced preview support for the `useFragment_experimental` hook which represents a lightweight live binding into the Apollo Client Cache. This hook returns an always-up-to-date view of whatever data the cache currently contains for a given fragment. `useFragment` never triggers network requests of its own.
> 
> > **Note**: this hook is named `useFragment_experimental` in `3.7.x` and `3.8.0-alpha.x` releases. In `3.8.0-beta.0` and greater it no longer has an `_experimental` suffix in its named export.
> 
> `useFragment` enables Apollo Client to broadcast very specific fragment results to individual components. Note that the `useQuery` hook remains the primary hook responsible for querying and populating data in the cache ([see the API reference](./hooks#usequery)). As a result, the component reading the fragment data via `useFragment` is still subscribed to all changes in the query data, but receives updates only when that fragment's specific data change.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`useFragment` represents a lightweight live binding into the Apollo Client Cache and enables Apollo Client to broadcast very specific fragment results to individual components. This hook returns an always-up-to-date view of whatever data the cache currently contains for a given fragment. `useFragment` never triggers network requests of its own.

Note that the `useQuery` hook remains the primary hook responsible for querying and populating data in the cache ([see the API reference](./hooks#usequery)). As a result, the component reading the fragment data via `useFragment` is still subscribed to all changes in the query data, but receives updates only when that fragment's specific data change.

> **Note**: this hook was introduced in `3.7.0` as experimental but stabilized in `3.8.0`. In `3.7.x` and `3.8.0-alpha.x` releases, this hook is exported as `useFragment_experimental`. Starting with `3.8.0-beta.0` and greater the `_experimental` suffix was removed in its named export.
```

I go back and forth on this change, but figured I'd get your perspective. Since we've tagged this as a 3.8 feature, I'd love to talk about it as such through the intro paragraphs and leave the mention of the 3.7/experimental stuff in the blockquote note. If you like this idea, feel free to workshop my changes a bit more to make this read nicely.

FWIW, this does read really nicely as-is, so if you decide to keep it that way, I'm also happy with the way it reads. I love that you included this though! Super helpful information.

Author: I like this restructuring a lot! Thanks!

### Example

> To view a `useFragment` example, see the [Fragments](../../data/fragments#useFragment) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To view a `useFragment` example, see the [Fragments](../../data/fragments#usefragment) page.
```

Looks like the target `id` is all lowercase.
